Cleaned up the Kubernetes Backend Installation (#28774)
backstage/backstage: docs/features/kubernetes/installation.md

The Kubernetes feature is a plugin to Backstage, and it is exposed as a tab when
viewing entities in the software catalog.

> If you haven't setup Backstage already, read the [Getting Started](../../getting-started/index.md) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you haven't set up Backstage already, read the [Getting Started](../../getting-started/index.md) guide.
```

);
```

:::note Note

The optional `refreshIntervalMs` property on the `EntityKubernetesContent` defines the interval in which the content automatically refreshes, if not set this will default to 10 seconds.

:::

That's it! But now, we need the Kubernetes Backend plugin for the frontend to work.

## Adding Kubernetes Backend plugin

> First we need to add the backend package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we need to add the backend package:
```
